Auth: Docs revamp of skip org role section (#63081)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/_index.md

> **Note**: This option is deprecated in favor of OAuth provider specific `skip_org_role_sync` settings. The following sections explain settings for each provider.

> **Warning**: Currently if no organization role mapping is found for a user, Grafana doesn't update the user's organization role.
> With Grafana 10, if `oauth_skip_org_role_update_sync` option is set to `false`, users with no mapping will be
> reset to the default organization role on every login. [See `auto_assign_org_role` option]({{< relref ".#auto_assign_org_role" >}}).

### skip_org_role_sync

> If you want to manage the organization roles of your users from within Grafana or when you want to prevent synchronization conflicts when they are synchronized from another provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this setting when you want to manage the organization roles of your users from within Grafana or to prevent synchronization conflicts when they are synchronized from another provider.
```

Reviewer: @eleijonmarck , Just checking on wording...is this a 'setting' or a 'parameter'?
